well good morning YouTube this little
video showing you how to repair a broken
stove glass window thing so there's the
there's the door with a broken window so
what you have to do is undo the two
little nuts which hold the glass in
position but from bitter experience
they're very difficult to undo because
the it's been red-hot for a long time so
simple answer is just to grind off the
nuts and then if you do that it steadies
just to put another couple of nights
they're only six millimeter metric so
it's no problem
there's one nut and there's the other
nut there so that's what I'll do I'll
just attack them with the angle grinder
and just grind the flat on each side and
they'll just come off dead easy anyway I
can't do that in video so I'll have to
turn the camera off now thank you right
I've had to go at these nuts with the
four inch angle grinder and I've taken a
lump off each side as you can see so now
what I do now is I'll spray all of it
release all on them and see if I can get
them to come undone little bit of luck I
don't want to share off the studs that
are in the casting that's a lot more
hassle okay well I'm not particular
happy with that so I'm going to have
another bit ago with the angle grinder I
don't want to share the studs off
because it's a major hassle so not a
little go down grind and take it right
down to the tops of the threads and that
should make it easier to go all right
that's another little go
I'll ground a bit more off each side I
might just smashed a bit of glass
actually to get it out of the way on the
other hand there might not okay
well got some success that one's gone
free this one is mostly free but it's
important when something's been jammed
in position for a long time and so on
actually just tryna unscrew it because
you will shear off the stud so just
wiggle it like that use lots of release
oil and just wiggle it and gradually
work it free don't just force it all the
way in a winner just wiggle it like that
bit more release well perhaps just
wiggle it if you do it like that
good luck eventually it will Wensley
it will come free it's actually a bit
difficult do holding the camera in one
hand anyway not to worry I think we're
there that's it
they're both loose now just got to clean
up the groove now and stick the new bit
on new bit of gasket in two of those and
after that to get back together with a
couple of new nuts okay this is a bit of
an aside really but I needed cut the
thin nuts so I stuck a stainless steel
nylock nut in the lane I'm just turning
down turned out remover remove the nylon
material
there's no point having an airlock
nothing like this we never get it undone
anyway that's that's the first one done
do the next one there's a bit of
threaded bar in there bit of threaded
rod so there's the next knot I don't
need to just put that on there that just
just be finger tight really that it
they've got one handed but I'll just
show you what I'm doing coming there and
putting down the nut do it
it's the
right sighs let's take just take
just taking ten pounds
- I'm doing so at the store
there we have a couple of new nuts
they're pretty small six millimeter just
reduce to about half the previous
thickness there's a few thousands
between them it doesn't really matter
because they're they'll probably end up
getting cut off as well if we were to
change the glass again anyway I'd say it
right there's the new nut in position
both sides the little clips are a bit
corroded I might tie the make or buy
some new little clips next stage is to
do the gasket stuff and to do it really
okay oh look fly there anyway there's a
new bit of glass which you can hardly
see is there see it nicely now if you
want to know if it's the right kind of
glass if you hold it up to the light and
you look through it it should appear
pink I don't know if you can see that
but yes I can see it so you should be
able to it looks pink it doesn't look
clear or green clear or green is
ordinary glass pink is borosilicate got
that see it the holy upper light look
through it not very clear that hey there
you go right return to the kitchen
because that's the best place to do this
sort of thing I've cut some fiberglass
rope six millimeter fiberglass rod it's
actually hollow so it's actually quite
squidgy so although it looks very big it
squishes down to half its thickness so
that's roughly cut to length I'll trim
it to length on to put it in position
there's the gluey stuff which is it's
sodium silicate which is a very
aggressive very nasty stuff you can use
silicone rubber if you like as well by
the way this is sodium silicate which
sets like concrete and it's completely
heat resisting anyway
going to do put some blue in the groove
and stick him on that's the Rope pushed
in position the glue takes a while to go
hard it reacts with carbon dioxide in
the air and it turns into a horrible
hard stuff anyway that's it glued in
position I put the glass in position now
that's the glass in position there is
sitting on there
next up is the two little metal plates
and two of us there's the little clips
in position little nuts done up
that's the glass in position it's um the
glue will set the minute innocent
there's any no wonder what that was it's
the light minute there's there's any
carbon dioxide present it will set
instantly and I think that's it
that's us done and I hope this is
helpful you can just see the pink color
I will do it right anyway bye